I represent Feilong Sports School and Zhao Ruolan to advance and retreat together
Have the ability to block us all
Very good you for a bargain
Are you trying to challenge Mr. Miyamoto?
Have you considered the consequences?
Hmm, we thought it through
Zhaojiacun is Zhao Ruolan's home
It's a place to shelter him from the wind and rain
Even if he made a mistake
By our own people
I won't let you point fingers
You have no right and no right
That's so great!
I want the Olympics to make you look good now
Under the dragon body
All the ant sports schools will be divided for me.
You Zhaojiacun and two sports schools
It's all about training sports students
I'll take you out of the Olympics.
You will be ruined forever
Miyamoto Dashan, don't forget to block me, Ma Jinshan is good
Ma Jinshan, I will tomorrow
make a phone call
Keep you out of the next Olympics
Sponsor you
Don't even think about making money from the Olympics in the future
You can tell Jax
And block our summer
What about our people?
Just don't participate.
You Mr. Miyamoto
My grades are coming out soon.
I urge you to think again.
Or you will regret it